fareed
The Phone 13 is the best iPhone for those on a budget, especially now that it's $100 cheaper after the iPhone 14 launch. 
With a new display, larger battery and better camera hardware and software, the iPhone 13 remains a great flagship phone.
Once again, Apple's made the iPhone 13 far more powerful than its Android competitors thanks to its 5G-ready A15 Bionic chip.
Camera enhancements include new Photographic Style filters ,while videographers will be excited by the Cinematic mode focus-racking ability
The iPhone 13 has some flaws. The charging is still relatively slow compared to some Android phones. And I don't like that only the iPhone 13 Pro models get
a 120Hz display and telephoto zoom. But based on my in-depth iPhone 13 review, this new iPhone remains one of the best phones for the money.
While the newer iPhone 14 offers a slightly faster chip, even better low-light photography and new features like Action mode video, 
if you want a great smartphone that offers a fantastic software experience, you can't go wrong with the iPhone 13. Read on to find out why #tech#iphone.
*
nasir
he latest OLED-equipped model of the Dell XPS 15 (version 9520, which starts at $1,449; $2,299 as tested) joins a long line of the company's flagship laptops 
and shows the state of the art in desktop-replacement systems. Armed with Intel's newest 12th Generation processors, Nvidia GeForce RTX graphics, and a beautiful OLED touch screen, 
this is one notebook that offers unbeatable productivity with visuals to match. It's not only one of the best office PCs on the market, it's a great option for video editing 
and media work, too. The XPS 15 OLED easily repeats as an Editors' Choice winner among deluxe content creation laptops. Dell's designers and engineers have worked hard to make the
 XPS 15 the platonic ideal of a full-size laptop. When closed, the simple bare-metal lid and chassis offer a stark profile. 
And if Dell's Platinum Silver finish isn’t your style, you can always opt for Frost White, which gives the XPS an even more severe look but comes across as stylish, 
without being garish, in an office setting.#tech#laptop
*
fati
the new football used in Qatar's #worldcup 2022 is really the breakthrough that is combining modern sports and #tech
*